—---------—---------—---------—---------—---------—---------
New Substance in Azulirian Space
—---------—---------—---------—---------—---------—---------
A gigantic collection of crystals begin coming through various portals all around the area in which the Azulirians inhabit. After further inspection, these massive crystal chunks were strapped to some devices meant to propel them, showing that these were intentionally sent here by other life forms. Upon even more inspection by scientists, it is discovered that these crystals are made up from something different from what the local geometry and crystals in IGS are made of. They are the most similar to materials that come from the dimension that GD comes from, however they have a third subatomic particle which freely floats throughout the space within the atom, which was named the “Peton”. This “Peton” was found to only be usable by Azulirian humanoids, and seem to almost naturally flow through their nerves, compared to Earthen humanoids who have no ability to do so whatsoever. With this Petonic energy, it was found that with enough concentration, Azulirians could do many different things thought to be magic. Through advanced techniques of focusing one’s mind, Petons would be drawn into receptors on the outside of Azulirian nerves, allowing them to absorb it and once again focus them into almost anything that the user wanted, with one caveat; the item had to be some sort of temporary thing. For example, someone adept in Petonic concentration put a sack of coins on a table. The coins would disappear within the course of 15 seconds. Thus, this isolated it to things that gave practical utility, such as fire magic to light a fire, or ice magic to freeze water into ice cubes. 

Only this first paragraph is notable enough for all of IGS. This paragraph and its effects on the Azulirians will be in the Stadthalder channel.
