-------------------------------------------
Plague Begins Spreading in Azulirian Space
-------------------------------------------

In the central trading geometries of the Azulirians, a plague begins to quickly spread among the various different independent municipalities. The initial patients that presented with the symptoms of the plague presented with what is called “phase I” of the plague, as there are only general issues of fatigue, coughing, and fevers, however after 2-5 days, the fatigue begins to substantially increase, the coughing slightly increases, and the fever increases a moderate amount, which is known as Phase II. A new symptom also emerges, as crystals begin to form on the skin and within the throat to a small extent. These crystals perpetually grow until either the patient dies or the plague subsides. Eventually, phase III is reached, which is simply defined by rapid crystal growth and totally bedridden levels of fatigue. There is no known treatment for this plague. After around 2 weeks, the patient reaches postphase, which means that either the patient dies or the plague subsides. After around a month, the plague was found to have an extremely high average mortality rate at 67%. The virus was found to be a neurotropic virus which also acts parasitic in nature. When it enters the nervous system, it hijacks the nerve cells and begins using the cells to send a signal throughout the body. It is unknown what the signal does exactly, however it is obvious that the result is the crystals, as well as the bodily strain. Something of note, the crystalline structure is slightly different depending on whether the infected is an Azulirian or non-Azulirian humanoid.

With this virus beginning in the trade hubs of the Azulirian sphere, it quickly spread all over, though it has not yet become a widespread everyday threat, although it seems like it will soon be that way. So far, the virus hasn’t spread outside of the sphere, but it can’t be said for sure if it will stay this way.
