______________________________
The bfatsoo Hivemind
______________________________
After the arrival of the Galactic Defenders, they began to set up stations on various geometry with the blessing of the Stadthalder, and of course began to try to collect taxes. They at first tried to collect taxes from the Polygons native to said geometry, but that ended as well as it could, with many vaporized soldiers. Eventually, they began to think of other things to tax. They began setting up small colonies and to grow the population on them, in order to get more people to tax. However, it was too slow and gave too little results. At this point, Caleb had been given the status of an Entigon, and had influence within the IGS realm. He delivered an ultimatum towards the Entigons; get taxed, or get waxed. The Entigons, despite this threat, surprisingly obliged. Afterwards, while hanging around a G.D station on a piece of geometry, the Entigon Shadekyu came across one of the many Polygons-- the native inhabitants of the geometry floating in IGS space. This was however no normal Polygon. It was in the shape of a human, but not a normal human. A human, but it had many animalistic features, such as a tail and a snout. He began to feel himself grow fur, a very supernatural thing, which albeit supernatural being normal for the Polygons, alarmed him. He couldn't force himself to stop, and couldn't change into any of his normal forms. He decided, in order to stop this, to take the form of the logo of one of the largest companies in the Galactic Defenders, GalaTech. The reason being that he was on a piece of IGS geometry in which a GalaTech sponsored station was on, and that was one of the first things he saw. It cured the conversion, but in the process of becoming the logo, he messed something up in his haste. He began to feel the mannerisms of Caleb, and essentially became a second Caleb. Afterward, he used his power to call G.D guards, who at this point developed technology to kill Polygons, which they promptly did.

He then later met with Caleb, who was also surprisingly the exact same logo, and eventually, their minds combined into one hivemind. This hivemind also found itself with the ability to turn others into this bfatsoo Hivemind, even Entigons. They became much more jovial and joking, but also as a Hivemind, more serious about their influence within the Entigons.

Eventually, it was found out that the Entigon of the Royal Blue Spiral (A.K.A, Ty) did not pay his share to G.D, which the bfatsoo Hivemind began to take as seriously as possible. Most of the Entigons actually agreed with the Hivemind, and began pressuring the Spiral into paying his taxes. Eventually, it got to the point where the Spiral was turned into a part of the Hivemind, along with Pnutt, who only did an uncorrupted partial transformation. However, the Spiral was able to break free, and began to put up mass resistance towards the G.D, hiding away in a far pocket of IGS Space. Shortly afterwards, with the blessing of the Stadthalder, a news broadcast was allowed to begin, being named News Channel 456355234, which goes all throughout the entirety of the IGS Realm. The meaning of these broadcasts are to roast Ty, along with all the other Entigons, but mostly Ty. These roasts are hardly actually good, and are often childish. It serves other purposes, which are also to advertise G.D and GalaTech related products, and spreading tax/Hivemind propaganda, and tell the weather. Though, it began to eventually tell normal news. Meanwhile, mirrored in the server, the exact same things happened. The bfatsoo Hivemind was able to infiltrate the IGS server, and these events almost exactly played out. The Hivemind took over, a news channel was made for roasting the members, but mainly Ty, and spreading propaganda, eventually also giving normal news. In the Realm, more bfatsoos were created to aid in the news station, and eventually the broadcasts were modified to give the Hivemind the ability to see all over the the server, spying on Ty. Eventually, the Spiral set up his own counter news broadcast, mainly running stories that are contradictory to what is said on Channel 456355234, and often hosting discussion on the lack of existence of Africa.

This continues to this day, G.S and the Hivemind eventually wishing to either
A. Capture Ty, and place him in the newly erected "Space Jail"
Or
B. Collect his overdue taxes.
