----------------------------------
Biomes of IGS - Quatrafields
----------------------------------
The space of geometry stretched far and wide. It stretched, and stretched and stretched, random shapes filling the entirety of it. And then the Stadthalder said, "Let there be variation!". After this, various swaths of IGS formed into a few different biomes. The first notable biome being the Quatrafields, being a biome of mainly light grey and translucent cubes, the grey cubes having a sort concrete texture to them. There are also long rectangular prisms that are grouped to together, as well as light balls of various colors constantly flying around the place. There are also rotating rings that are made out of blue translucent hexagonal pillars. It is a completely black void without the dark purple hue of normal IGS space, and throughout the biome are massive clouds of blue fog. There are some spots which are a lighter bluish-purplish gas, which blocks out the blackness, which is where the hexagonal pillar rings are the most common, though they are not big enough pockets of gas to be considered a sub-biome or variation. On the cubes live yet 2 other species of 'gons, the first of the 2 being from the translucent cubes, called Claragons. The second  of the 2 species are called Duragons. Claragons are translucent, white to light grey, and are intelligent; their technology being somewhere between intelligent Wiregons and Lavagons. However compared to the other 'gons, they are capable of creating somewhat complex societies, living in independent small walled cities made out of crystal, also having a leader. They still don't necessarily have full human intelligence, think of them more like ants. The Duragons are similar in hue, being light grey to white, but are opaque, have the same concrete texture as the cubes they reside on. They are completely unintelligent, acting like all the other feral 'gons, and are often enslaved by the Claragons.

There is a variation of the quatrafield, the red quatrafield. Red quatrafields are much simpler, they lack the pillar rings, flying balls of light, and the purplish gas pockets. When you enter it, you hear a deep demonic sounding noise, which also occasionally sounds all throughout the area. The entire place is covered in red gas, and only has the cubes; the translucent cubes being much more common. There is no form of life on these cubes, not even any Claragon colonies, as they fear this biome too much.
