------------------------
The Detroit Empire Pt 1
------------------------
In 2022 A.D, a man outside of a Dollar General began to toss aside his pennies because of how useless they are as a currency. In the process of this, he began to realized that nickels are also extremely useless, being just 5 pennies. This continued, nickels are useless, quarters are useless, $1 bills are too small, then $5, then $10, then $100, etc. This continued, him throwing out all of his currency because they are just useless smaller denominations. He was eventually left with no money, and went to the U.S Congress with a dream. He continuously lobbied congress multiple times to make higher denominations of bills, throwing them out because of how useless and too small of a denomination they are. This continued until the 1 googolplexian bill was minted, which after it was given to this man, was ripped up because it is too small. This caused the immediate collapse of the United States because of how much debt it was in, essentially turning into Somalia chaos wise. Being sad that there is no more currency, this man traveled to Canada and repeatedly lobbied the Canadian Parliament into doing the same things. And then the U.K. and then the E.U, and then eventually almost all of the world. Then finally, he was able to get into North Korea and repeat this. However, it turns out that North Korea is just a giant floating platform, and as soon as the economy hit the shitter, Kim Jong Un pushed the big red "ANCHOR" button, sending out anchors, sinking the whole nation along with its economy. After this event, a mass retrieval operation commenced by the remnants of the South Korean government. The South Korean government had eventually collected a mass amount of warheads, but then one South Korean soldier had the realization of "Wait, the economy doesn't exist, I'm not getting paid, fuck this job" and then immediately tossed the nuclear bomb he was carrying onto the ground setting it off and therefore the other bombs as well, destroying the entirety of South Korea in the process.

-----------------------
The Detroit Empire Pt 2
-----------------------
After the sinking of North Korea and the total decimation of South Korea, other remnant governments began to salvage nukes from North Korea. One of these remnant governments was of course the United States, who once again got a massive warehouse of nukes. A soldier here had themselves a realization, "Holy fuck the economy doesn't exist, I'm not getting paid, fuck this job" and then threw the nuke. However, instead it bounced off the stomach of another soldier who is the average american, the bounce sending it high into the air, coming back down onto Florida. Unluckily, it was a dud, and the whole nation sighed in disappointment. After this event, a new soldier was hired, who repeated the last soldier's act. And then again, and again, and again. This happened several times in total (including the first time with Florida), however the bombs that hit all of the other states weren't duds. The entirety of the U.S was nuked, except for one particular city, and that is Detroit. Detroit was able to withstand all of the nuclear blasts, a strange force field kept it intact, and all the nukes that hit it somehow turned into people, which hardly mattered in the long run because it's Detroit. There was one upside though, everyone inside of Detroit was alive, however, after realizing they lived in Detroit, many ventured out into the wasteland, dying near Detroit after attempting to come back in, which the forcefield kept them from doing forming a corpse ring. Eventually, the whole world was destroyed, leaving only Detroit. Shortly after this, a fish retrieved one of the nukes for its fish country that controlled the Grand Wall Coral Collection (GWCC). As it got to the sunken North Korean nuke facility, it realized it was a fish, meaning it couldn't get money, which made it say "God damn, fuck this job", throwing the nuke on the nuke facility, destroying the whole world, sending Detroit into space.

----------------------------
The Detroit Empire Pt 3
----------------------------
After being launched into space, after several years of sitting in an asteroid belt, the cylindrical slice of Earth that had Detroit on it floated into a portal, somehow sending Detroit into IGS. After this, Detroit began to build up various forces, eventually achieving a fairly advanced technology level, despite still looking like a bombed out ghetto. It eventually established various colonies on a few nearby geometry, and maintains this small empire, that is until Cleveland showed up. Cleveland came from an alternate universe, where instead of Detroit, Michigan getting a forcefield, Cleveland, Ohio got one, and went through the same series of events as Detroit. Cleveland appeared near Detroit, Cleveland also building up tech, and creating a small empire. This happened mostly peacefully besides for the destruction of the 'gons on the geometry, however, both Cleveland and Detroit eventually came into contact with each other, and almost instantly began massive military campaigns against one another for various reasons, which brings us to today, both the Cleveland and Detroit Empires are now in a cycle of constantly fighting each other.


